---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtower_vlan Data Source - cloudtower-terraform-provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudTower vlan data source.
---

# cloudtower_vlan (Data Source)

CloudTower vlan data source.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) filter vlans by cluster id
- `cluster_id_in` (List of String) filter vlans by cluster id as array
- `name` (String) filter vlans by name
- `name_contains` (String) filter vlans by name contain a certain string
- `name_in` (List of String) filter vlans by name
- `type` (String) filter vlans by type
- `type_in` (List of String) filter vlans by type as array

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `vlans` (List of Object) list of vlans (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vlans))

<a id="nestedatt--vlans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vlans`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_id` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)

### Usage

All arguments are optional, and if multiple arguments are provided, they are ANDed together.

### Use name to get a specific vlan

use name will search a vlan by its name directly. Return of the data source will be a list, even if there is only one vlan found, use index 0 to get the vlan.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_vlan" "sample_vlan" {
  name       = "sample_vlan"
}
```

### Use name_contains to fuzzy search vlans

use name_contains will search vlans by its name contains a certain string. Return a list of vlans, use index to get the vlan.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_vlan" "sample_vlan" {
  name_contains       = "sample"
}
```

### Use name_in to search vlans in name array

use name_in will search vlans by its name in a certain array. Return a list of vlans, use index to get the vlan.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_vlan" "sample_vlan" {
  name_in       = ["sample_vlan", "sample_vlan2"]
}
```

### Use type to get a filter vlans by type

filter vlan by type, return a list of vlans, use index to get the vlan, recommand to use with other filters.

Only accept `"ACCESS", "MANAGEMENT", "MIGRATION", "STORAGE", "VM"`

```hcl
data "cloudtower_vlan" "sample_vlan" {
  type      = "VM"
  name      = "sample_vlan"
}
```

### Use type_in to filter vlans by type as array

filter vlans by type in a certain array, return a list of vlans, use index to get the vlan, recommand to use with other filters.

Only accept `"ACCESS", "MANAGEMENT", "MIGRATION", "STORAGE", "VM"`

```hcl
data "cloudtower_vlan" "sample_vlan" {
  type_in      = ["VM", "STORAGE"]
  name      = "sample_vlan"
}
```

### Use cluster_id to get a specific vlan stored in a cluster

use cluster_id will search a vlan by its cluster id directly. Return a list of vlans, use index to get the vlan.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_cluster" "sample_cluster" {
  name       = "sample_cluster"
}

data "cloudtower_vlan" "sample_vlan" {
  cluster_id       = data.cloudtower_cluster.sample_cluster.clusters[0].clusters[0].id
}
```

### Use cluster_id_in to search vlans stored in clusters

use cluster_id_in will search vlans by its cluster id in a certain array. Return a list of vlans, use index to get the vlan, recommand to use with other filters.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_cluster" "sample_cluster" {
  name       = "sample_cluster"
}

data "cloudtower_vlan" "sample_vlan" {
  cluster_id_in       = [data.cloudtower_cluster.sample_cluster.clusters[0].clusters[0].id]
  name      = "sample_vlan"
}
```