---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtower_svt_iso Data Source - cloudtower-terraform-provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudTower vmtools iso data source.
---

# cloudtower_svt_iso (Data Source)

CloudTower vmtools iso data source.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) filter svt ISOs by cluster id
- `cluster_id_in` (List of String) filter svt ISOs by cluster id in
- `name` (String) filter svt ISOs by name
- `name_contains` (String) filter svt ISOs by name contain a certain string
- `name_in` (List of String) filter svt ISOs by name in
- `version` (Number) filter svt ISOs by version
- `version_gte` (Number) filter svt ISOs by version greater than or equal to
- `version_in` (List of Number) filter svt ISOs by version in

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `isos` (List of Object) list of ISOs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--isos))

<a id="nestedatt--isos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `isos`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `version` (Number)

### Usage

All arguments are optional, and if multiple arguments are provided, they are ANDed together.

### Use name to get a specific image

use name will search a image by its name directly. Return of the data source will be a list, even if there is only one image found, use index 0 to get the image.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_svt_iso" "sample_iso" {
  name       = "sample_iso"
}
```

### Use name_contains to fuzzy search images

use name_contains will search images by its name contains a certain string. Return a list of images, use index to get the image.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_svt_iso" "sample_iso" {
  name_contains       = "sample"
}
```

### Use name_in to search images in name array

use name_in will search images by its name in a certain array. Return a list of images, use index to get the image.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_svt_iso" "sample_iso" {
  name_in       = ["sample_iso", "sample_iso2"]
}
```

### Use cluster_id to get a specific image stored in a cluster

use cluster_id will search a image by its cluster id directly. Return of the data source will be a list, even if there is only one image found, use index 0 to get the image.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_cluster" "sample_cluster" {
  name       = "sample_cluster"
}
data "cloudtower_svt_iso" "sample_iso" {
  cluster_id       = data.cloudtower_cluster.sample_cluster.clusters[0].clusters[0].id
}
```

### Use cluster_id_in to search images stored in a cluster in a certain array

use cluster_id_in will search images by its cluster id in a certain array. Return a list of images, use index to get the image. Recommend to use cluster_id, as vm could only mount svt iso directly from cluster it runs on.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_cluster" "sample_cluster" {
  name       = "sample_cluster"
}
data "cloudtower_svt_iso" "sample_iso" {
  cluster_id_in       = [data.cloudtower_cluster.sample_cluster.clusters[0].clusters[0].id]
}
```
