---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtower_host Data Source - cloudtower-terraform-provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudTower host data source.
---

# cloudtower_host (Data Source)

CloudTower host data source.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) filter hosts by cluster id
- `cluster_id_in` (List of String) filter datacenters by cluster id as an array
- `data_ip` (String) filter hosts by data IP
- `data_ip_contains` (String) filter hosts by data IP contain a certain string
- `data_ip_in` (List of String) filter datacenters by data ip as an array
- `management_ip` (String) filter hosts by management IP
- `management_ip_contains` (String) filter hosts by management IP contain a certain string
- `management_ip_in` (List of String) filter datacenters by management ip as an array
- `name` (String) filter hosts by name
- `name_contains` (String) filter hosts by name contain a certain string
- `name_in` (List of String) filter data source by name as an array

### Read-Only

- `hosts` (List of Object) list of hosts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosts))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosts`

Read-Only:

- `data_ip` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `management_ip` (String)
- `name` (String)


## Usage

All arguments are optional, and if multiple arguments are provided, they are ANDed together.

### Use name to get a specific host

use name will search a host by its name directly. Return of the data source will be a list, even if there is only one host found, use index 0 to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  name       = "sample_host"
}
```

### Use name_contains to fuzzy search hosts

use name_contains will search hosts by its name contains a certain string. Return a list of hosts, use index to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  name_contains       = "sample"
}
```

### Use name_in to search hosts in name array

use name_in will search hosts by its name in a certain array. Return a list of hosts, use index to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  name_in       = ["sample1", "sample2"]
}
```

### Use management_ip to get a specific host

use management_ip will search a host by its management_ip directly. Return of the data source will be a list, even if there is only one host found, use index 0 to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  management_ip       = "192.168.1.1"
}
```

### Use management_ip_contains to fuzzy search hosts

use management_ip_contains will search hosts by its management_ip contains a certain string. Return a list of hosts, use index to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  management_ip_contains       = "31.16"
}
```

### Use management_ip_in to search hosts in management_ip array

use management_ip_in will search hosts by its management_ip in a certain array. Return a list of hosts, use index to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  management_ip_in       = ["192.168.1.1", "192.168.1.2"]
}
```

### Use data_ip to get a specific host

use data_ip will search a host by its data_ip directly. Return of the data source will be a list, even if there is only one host found, use index 0 to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  data_ip       = "10.0.1.1"
}
```

### Use data_ip_contains to fuzzy search hosts

use data_ip_contains will search hosts by its data_ip contains a certain string. Return a list of hosts, use index to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  data_ip_contains       = "255.255"
}
```

### Use data_ip_in to search hosts in data_ip array

use data_ip_in will search hosts by its data_ip in a certain array. Return a list of hosts, use index to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  data_ip_in       = ["10.0.1.1", "10.0.255.255"]
}

```

### Use cluster_id to get host in a specific cluster

use cluster_id will search hosts in a specific cluster. Return a list of hosts, use index to get the host.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_cluster" "sample_cluster" {
  name       = "sample_cluster"
}

data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  cluster_id          = data.cloudtower_cluster.sample_cluster.clusters[0].clusters[0].id
}
```

### Use cluster_id_in to get hosts in a one of clusters

```hcl
data "cloudtower_cluster" "sample_cluster" {
  name       = "sample_cluster"
}

data "cloudtower_host" "sample_host" {
  cluster_id_in          = [data.cloudtower_cluster.sample_cluster.clusters[0].clusters[0].id]
}
```




