---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudtower_content_library_vm_template Data Source - cloudtower-terraform-provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudTower content library vm template data source.
---

# cloudtower_content_library_vm_template (Data Source)

CloudTower content library vm template data source.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id_in` (List of String) the cluster id which template has already distributed to.
- `name` (String) content library vm template's name
- `name_contains` (String) filter content_library vm template by its name contains characters
- `name_in` (String) content library vm template's name as an array

### Read-Only

- `content_library_vm_templates` (List of Object) list of queried vm templates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content_library_vm_templates))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--content_library_vm_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_library_vm_templates`

Read-Only:

- `create_time` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `vm_templates` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--content_library_vm_templates--vm_templates))

<a id="nestedobjatt--content_library_vm_templates--vm_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_library_vm_templates.vm_templates`

Read-Only:

- `cluster` (String)
- `disks` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--content_library_vm_templates--vm_templates--disks))
- `id` (String)
- `nics` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--content_library_vm_templates--vm_templates--nics))

<a id="nestedobjatt--content_library_vm_templates--vm_templates--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_library_vm_templates.vm_templates.disks`

Read-Only:

- `boot` (Number)
- `bus` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)
- `size` (Number)
- `storage_policy` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--content_library_vm_templates--vm_templates--nics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content_library_vm_templates.vm_templates.nics`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `idx` (Number)
- `mirror` (Boolean)
- `model` (String)
- `vlan_id` (String)


### Usage

All arguments are optional, and if multiple arguments are provided, they are ANDed together.

### Use name to get a specific content library vm template

use name will search a content library vm template by its name directly. Return of the data source will be a list, even if there is only one content library vm template found, use index 0 to get the content library vm template.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_content_library_vm_template" "sample_content_library_vm_template" {
  name       = "sample_content_library_vm_template"
}
```

### Use name_contains to fuzzy search content library vm templates

use name_contains will search content library vm templates by its name contains a certain string. Return a list of content library vm templates, use index to get the content library vm template.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_content_library_vm_template" "sample_content_library_vm_template" {
  name_contains       = "sample"
}
```

### Use name_in to search content library vm templates in name array

use name_in will search content library vm templates by its name in a certain array. Return a list of content library vm templates, use index to get the content library vm template.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_content_library_vm_template" "sample_content_library_vm_template" {
  name_in       = ["sample1", "sample2"]
}
```

### Use cluster_id_in to restrict the content library vm template already distributed to certain clusters

if need to search content library vm template already been distributed to certain clusters, use cluster_in to restrict the search. Recommand to use with other filters.

```hcl
data "cloudtower_cluster" "sample_cluster" {
  name       = "sample_cluster"
}

data "cloudtower_content_library_vm_template" "sample_content_library_vm_template" {
  name_contains       = "sample"
  cluster_id_in          = [data.cloudtower_cluster.sample_cluster.clusters[0].clusters[0].id]
}
```